broadcast knife sales assistant funny videos of deadly crash landing San Francisco in Sunnyvale what was happening in the car
save tonight about what math is falling in the ocean International Space Station American boy
hail Jesus you're my whole family is sick temperatures for days whats a good price for safe same line
and no more shot for allergy sufferers new alternative no noodles involve the doctor
headquarters in New York NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams
dreaming I'm in Carrizo Bryant
Bill Maher making a long trip back tonight reporting in South Africa and we begin with starting to tails when out hearing for the first time
about what may have contributed to a plane crash in San Francisco last a life
3 people died 180 were injured in now expert witnesses say it made an example of a pilot online to watch on computers is what they call Automation addiction and Costello has been following the store closely now joint with tails tonight I'm grieving
hi and good evening this was a better an Airbus pilot app controls of a Boeing triple 7 he may not understood with a superior also in the cockpit they didn't realize they were flying 40 miles per hour to slow and didn't a continental drift seconds before the crash when it was too late
from the in TSP new surveillance video showing flight 214 crashing into the sea wall astral I am finally cartulina round and slamming on the runway at SFO
we offer condolences to those who lost love ones
today investigators laid out of fatal cockpit combination before the crash pilots feeling to notice the airspeed was too low compute the plains automated systems work even Korean cultural sensitivity one big focus the automated systems on the Boeing triple 7
the training Pilots still maintain his speed even though he switched off auto pilot a land manually
he was a very experience pilot
the Korean pilots union suggested a design flaw compute the crew what bowling in sisters system is widely used and flying the plane is up to the pilot not the computer the pilot
final authority for the operation of the airplane we would try not to put in design elements taking over eyes of pilot
Licon cook was the printing pilot was flying on his final triple 7 checkout flight with the training captain
he told NTSB investigators he was cold very concerned about lending manually because the airports automated glide slope with Skype outlets in without service
he feel too much for separate warnings for my copilot that he was descending to rapidly and he said with his superiors watching his Loma position would make it very hard to abort a landing on go around veteran pilots say there's a lesson in relying to have a lien automation
you have to keep up with basic German ship in order to make the other systems
on behalf of Safety instead of work again safety
last month code for much more simulator time for us pilots to be f***** manual flying skills training brought me into the cell
it's imperative the files get to practice this is the first time in a simulator ever getting a haircut
11 PSP focus today on whether the pilot is Jana are taught how Boleyn's automated systems working weather privately was confused by the differences between the Boeing and Airbus systems ane
sore on your part time in time Lake this afternoon heard about an urgent situation where the International Space Station at this moment what do we know
NASA telling NBCNews a situation has developed on the orbiting space station Distortion but not an emergency still at Mary choir a spacewalk
within the next one or two weeks to do a repair earlier today 12 cooling systems on the space station stop working engineers believe there is a problem with a flow control valve trim of non essential equipment on the station on route in critical systems to another cooling loop
so far all external electrical equipment seems to be working just fine the question is whether they can fix this with a software patch or whether they will impact need a spacewalk onboard right now 3 Russians
Americans 1 Japanese astronaut space walk so not allowed Santana talian astronaut helmet filled with water during a spacewalk in July the ISS by the waist but the size of a football stadium when a million pounds say hope to get it cooled down dramatically is soon as I can
alright sounds for dramatic a right thank you so much time Costello tonight about those reports Rustler new tail tonight about the family including for children rescued in good shape
after spending tonight in subzero temperatures in the mountains of Nevada NBC's Miguel Almaguer has made his way to the scene and has a report
from this Lovelock Nevada hospital comes a story of survival with wind up the miracle in the mountains the six survivors on speaking tonight what the doctor who treated them
the snow is started playing at the Hilton this is like a slow motion
on our journey to retrace stair steps we take you to the rugged and remote hi desert this is where James Glanton Christina mcIntee and 4 children ages 3 through 10 spent tonight trapped in -20 degree weather
where are the off road for about 45 minutes or 30 miles outside of town this is where you can see the footprints in the snow in the hell here overturned Jeep amazing anybody could even survives crash
we found a jeep still leaking gas smell enough fuel
the family was dress for the snow but they are prepared another way to say have bottles of water we found a machete
flashlight and they use the interior of a jeep here for shelter at night
searchteen say James Glanton kept his family alive by keeping them together and staying with the vehicle
jaded one hell of a job keeping kids safe for a lot of people have been able to do that for two days in subzero temperatures
the family gathering sagebrush an even break the spare tire down to the bone to keep warm we're also told a heat up rocks like this one and put them inside the vehicle at night to keep kids warm
dehydration in a statement the family act for privacy taking search and rescue teams for their dedication a happy ending Utah State ever see Miguel Almaguer NBC News Lovelock Nevada
end of the nation's capital budget deal with told you about last night while the agreement avoid another government shutdown next month it also sidestep dealing with the crisis facing 1.3 million Americans out of work for a long time
and that means there unemployment benefits will stop at the end of the month unless Congress takes action is Joe friar talk to some of the families were worried about what comes next
flu shot Daniels Palmer a mother of 4 much for morning ritual remains the same getting your kids up and ready for school but these day she supporting her family with her unemployment insurance
Anne at 375 week it's really tough is really really talk
what's your computer now broken tree hunt for work on her tiny cell phone screen this is week 28 of unemployment account every week because that number is never counted more for benefits could sue disappear
I need the benefit so that I can keep pushin forward so that I want me the benefits
up until 2009 unemployment benefits last 26 weeks but today because of the recession they can go up to 73 weeks but if Congress doesn't take action Bail go back to 26 weeks on December 28 in 1.3 million jobless workers will lose their benefits
set include Randi Rousseau who did Spike Lee ving in Chicago keeps the heat low to save money
I don't know what the end game is to win it would happen if its the fattest hope you don't have a hope that it's truly over
what what appointment is gradually improve job fairs like this continue to draw clouds people who say they need benefits for work economist charge you a longer stretches benefits cost taxpayers billions discourage people from looking hard for jobs
unemployed people buy Mauna play for longer time as a consequence of the program
LaShawn Daniels Palmer say she's willing to take almost any job
I'm not be on working in retail store I'm not be on working at McDonalds whatever it takes at my kids and I homeless
she's not counting the weeks and Teller benefits and Joe fryer NBC News Los Angeles
Ameris news about President healthcare law find apps on both the federal and state exchanges are improving but not fast enough to meet in Roman goals in ministration for stealing 365
that is 3 times more than the October numbers what's so far short of the goal of 1.2 million through the end of November
and problems with healthcare law are having a big impact on the president's approval ratings according to our new NBC News Wall Street Journal poll little director in chief White House correspondent on tonight with more explained
what is a weight on the President you know when you look at approval rating is sitting at 43 percent approval that's near his all time low on that number disapproval rating of the 54 percent ethanol time I've never been high and it is clearly healthcare which is the prison
what the public is viewing the president of all the issues in a bunch of top 16 2013 from the shutdown the economy all these things and it is healthcare 58 percent that is seen as the driver of how the public is shaking their opinion of this president
look at the health care law now is more popular than ever good idea bad idea with a tracking device for 3 years for the first time
ama Jordan say its a bad idea but there's a glimmer of hope if you're the White House and the fact that only 26 percent basically 14 Merrick bank velocity scrap all together there's a much larger majority I would like to see effects of the White House phone number to realize
not good news but you do a public according are poster who would like to see the law work at the White House clean up the political problems to make it work
thank you for the perspective that you were you pull a given time and date now the temperature Asians in Ukraine
stration of an escalating for weeks
protesters 130 in left aligned with Russia enter calling for closer ties with Europe
Ukraine president has pulled his wife leaseback for now but the protester say they won't sit down with him for talk to the release of those interested
fires is government
still have tonight Dr Nancy Snyderman with welcome news for millions of Americans of allergy shots get the shot there is now a new alternative no needles
Hill and later lost in translation how many people were affected by the sign language on stage
we're back now and our health news tonight is about allergies one of the most common elements in the United States 15 Americans has reactions to Paul in Dauphin other things we breathe in and two and a half million get allergy shots are the monthly or weekly
now there's an alternative being considered for approval no noodles just a pillow under your tongue to report a remark chief medical editor Dr Nancy Snyder
breakfast Morningside Louise Angeles house are always busy
getting 7 year old college ready for school
feeding a dog Sophia and packing emergency allergy kit Boo's mother and daughter have severe reactions to ragweed grass in tree pollen and animal dander and get frequent allergy shots
we have runny nose puffy eyes itchy throat coughing dry dry hacking cough and sometimes hives
Louise and cause me to have another option to injections to Dayton FDA Advisory Committee met
approved to respiratory allergy drugs already available in Europe
daily dose pills to dissolve under the tongue Dr David stoner is an allergy specialist in Allegany health
networking tips for good morning Lisa
the two big groups that I see that would really benefit from this at the RV rebus the People
the cant fit
visit to a doctors office for shot into the busy schedules and those who are Neal ever
Dr scooter is also a consulting firm work what is the manufactures the allergy pill under FDA review there's a trade off
the tablets called or later and Graphtec on the cover specific graft Pollins shotgun offer brother protection amor allergens I can be personalized
vigil what we could try to do if I can set the weather pills would be more convenient injections patience my sacrifice a doctor supervision office
always have to be extremely cautious when patients start taking medication at home since allergen immunotherapy runs the risk of adverse reactions like
Electric reaction you want to make sure a patient is properly educated about the safest medication and especially how to take
thank you so much tonight and 1 word help no tonight the Food and Drug Administration is taking new steps to phase out the use of antibiotics in meat
the FDA is asking pharmaceutical companies to voluntarily stop marketing does drugs for use in animal feed this is meant reduce the number of antibiotic resistance
is is in humans upNext what happens when Presidents their wives and Hillary Clinton travel together on the same flight
to 9000 South Africans are lining up to you Nelson Mandela slide break ask if you live in state in South Africa's capital Victoria inside the same as a theater when he was sworn in as president almost 20 years ago
MLB 2 more days a public viewing for Mandela is laid to rest on Sunday
and in South Africa tonight controversy over man
did next President Obama at on the podium at Mandela memorial sign language interpreter summon the deaf community are saying he's a fake is gestures work sign language at all NPCs Ron Allen has been looking into the store and imports mail from South Africa
was there an even when President Obama spoke today outrage from death and hearing impaired South Africans say the so-called interpreter what's the complete fraud
Bay cities to watch 38 offset and so is zero
she said the only sin she saw ironically what's the word help
television
the difference with a parent
angry Joe Twitter
no idea
Jacob Zuma
professionals with any known sin
the government really hard the interpreter for Mandela service dealing with Arrangements Dallas funeral today even the White House weight in
baby Seamus a distraction about the individuals on stage anyway to track it from the important event in the importance of President of the sea
David Boston of the British do to interpretation he is making
there is no sense toy is doing icon CNE meaning to what he's doing
history modern translation
the whole world's watching
victorious
and one more night on the president of South Africa this week summer markable images from inside Air Force One
Mr Obama and former President George W Bush travel to South Africa long with their wives and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and what are the images Mr Bush you enjoy spanking has taken out his iPad not showing Hillary Clinton Michelle Obama some of his work
White House photographer pizza to use on a graph
and when we come back he may lose when he pose for a selfie in St Peters tonight why he's making all over again
as you may have heard Time magazine an ounce Pope Francis as a spit for Person of the Year he's the third Pokemon that honor the first
in 19 years times has a chosen because quotes rarely has a new player on the world stage capture so much attention so quickly
embassies and Thompson who is travels with his new pope reports on the game changer in the Vatican